and that's where guys are very welcome
One more video today I'm here to
You 're to bring the stop.
different here is the following as you
are the Pope occurs monthly boxes
How are you guys seeing there bringing
you the sim code gameplay is not
dream is not a movie thing character one
funk talk this
My God of heaven looks that your
following trajectory this video will be
a half video of proposal for you I
I'm playing my pc, I do not think so.
I would run, my brother bought the game I
did not want to buy because a lot of
will not run on the PS nor will it buy
I did not buy my mortgage, and I
I got home, it's the law, I downloaded it.
joined the twitter followers
saw side and I all my happiness
finishing download is passing
print a silly child there on twitter at
facebook and when I finished doing the
download marvel the game does not run
if you have less than 6 gb of ram and I
I only have four thousand to realize humble one
cool pc but not for games of this
generation do not know where to talk shit to
these games are heavy and my pc does not run
time of the other does not accept so nice to know
if you play on my pc it 's another game
Snows you know for a good day and I
brother as always an angel on this channel
here I got 2 more gb of ram that he
had at his house he took from the pcd him
made the sacrifice for happiness lasted
Your brother Jose is so crazy about
joking everybody wanted to have
wi fi models and he cleaned me then he
Many thanks to you, the
Stop and fire the channel
I worked for you on base gameplay.
When I played well, damn well.
God damn it, it was not good, it was well for
My gosh, and the proposal I want
doing for you is the following you
want to see code on channel
Calm down, it's going to be the one I'm thinking of.
I was thinking, I'll bring the point.
blank I'll bring the game then such a game
that the only channel these games
I usually do not have confidence in the year.
I can not believe these games will see
let's go
for a long time and for a long time and code
I'm sure it will last for
long as you have your
disagreements have their weaknesses but I
I know it's a game that's there will not
will leave me
so I have the mw3 bel 2 and now which one
of goals at home and that series that
I talked about two videos a day like you
can see if from here the second video of the day
I 'm starting this way I want to
know that you think from the beginning
start bringing varied bull codes
For you it was bringing some goals.
and some w 3000 doses accepting
So but finally maybe I'll bring you beautiful 2
For you, I could not.
record with the flaps but there was
got to it gave me the myllys
action that is a program that I super
I recommend it for you too and I can
save the code now on morals in morals
I have a lot of things to learn.
codes I've already taken a course joão
caracas I do not know, I do not know if you are
catching you now but I found
who did not have his job and I
I have to make it very clear I'm playing
everything okay at least I ask you
have patience on the farm because I
I do not have a very good pc
you will vote and when you make a
live comment will also stay with
quality a little bit in the quality of
Kabul but gets a little caught gameplay
You know
Anyway, I wish you both had a
little patience because my pc does not
and those things
anyway I'm doing what I can
I'm having a good time and everything
that I really wanted from the bottom of
heart is that you accept it is this
secondary series of the channel and indeed
I do not even know the name of the most likely series.
who will enter as income or even know
here's random gameplay
random but for those who roll and roll
Until the never will commander vai-vai kibaki
Roland that rolls but at last I wanted to know
if you accept channel codes at
not yet decide what follows
I'll do it if I'm going to do a series on
It's true that I'm going to do it more clearly.
You want to know if you accept the code?
as a secondary game here of the channel only
will have video at 11 o'clock normally
crossfire and I do not know five o'clock in the afternoon
a code video so I want to
start with the code ahead
I will try to get other games there but
I finally went
well it took me a while to choose a game that
I was being well inside, I do not know
I wanted a game that would let me
game that would make me angry and
Code to the game I'm having fun I'm not
A problem but I'm getting myself
come there
I hope you like it, I'll tell you that.
I told you there are a lot I have a lot
thing to learn, you still know I arrived
in the code mw3 there I was bel 2 and now the
code is my third code but it is not the
Paul calling it that way is not having a
game that I know but more so
a lot of things have even a little shame
of talking, then I have to
learning a lot has a lot to do.
learn from many october leave more
finally to get very repetitive let go
I'm here and I hope you
Enjoy this video. I hope you guys
Enjoy which goal if you have
Do not forget again, I'll leave the
here my brother did not have here
for you to add that you are coming to
He ended up buying as well as
I said at the beginning of the video and finally I'm going
Think about the cool series I do not know if I do
a series of that the trikes there do not know
and yet I will come up I just want to know
first feedback you guys think
Code as Channel Secondary Game
This is a good story.
with the end of you all did not complain
if I was already going to be a favorite and signed up
in the channel
I played more or less well're training
to start to bring good game place only
you
then that's it the tapas in the video was